feat(NODE-4938): improve react native bundle experience (#578)
mongodb/js-bson: README.md

## React Native

> BSON vendors the required polyfills for `TextEncoder`, `TextDecoder`, `atob`, `btoa` when using React Native. One

Reviewer: I suspect the term "vendors" might not be clear enough for publicly facing documentation. Perhaps it would make sense to include an explanation on what that means for the user.

```suggestion
BSON vendors the required polyfills for `TextEncoder`, `TextDecoder`, `atob`, `btoa` imported from React Native and therefore doesn't expect users to polyfill these. One
```

Author: Updated.

> additional polyfill, `crypto.getRandomValues` is required and can be installed with the following command:

Reviewer: > is required

Isn't this optional?
```suggestion
additional polyfill, `crypto.getRandomValues` is recommended and can be installed with the following command:
```

Author: Updated.
